Fixes to intermittently failing tests (#525)
ScottLogic/datahelix: generator/docs/StringGeneration.md

* Finding the intersection of two regexes, used when there are multiple regex constraints on the same field.
* Finding the complement of a regex, which we use for generating invalid regexes for violation.

> Due to the way that the Automaton library computes Regex strings internally the generation of strings is not deterministic and may output valid strings in a different order between generation runs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the way that the generator computes textual data internally the generation of strings is not deterministic and may output valid values in a different order with each generation run. 
```
